[NAME=Jacky]Thanks Py! I unlocked the gate for you!

As an additional reward, I will tell you the story of Candy Corn and Maizen!

Candy Corn and Maizen were two young theatre majors at Cornwall University.

Maizen would always tell Candy corny jokes.

She loved hearing them and noticed how happy she felt when they were together.

Candy, over time, developed feelings for Maizen. 

She couldn't tell if Maizen felt the same way, as he would seem like he was flirting with her but would always pop it off as a joke.

Candy eventually summed up the courage to tell Maizen how she felt. "Maizen", she whispered "I don't want to butter you up and ruin our friendship".

Candy paused for what felt like an hour in Maizen's popping head, "but I think I like you". 

They embraced.

The two were a close couple all the way up to their Junior year. 

One evening, Maizen blindfolded her and walked her to the top of corny hill to watch the sunset. 

When they reached the peak,  Maizen took off the blindfold and instead of making yet another corny joke, he held her hand and looked her in the eyes. 

Maizen began, "Moments like these are never long enough for me, fleeting like the sunset." 

A cool breeze swept through the cornfields and over the hill. 

"Candy," Maizen said calmly with no hesitation, "Could I possibly spend the rest of my life with you?" 

Candy, overwhelmed by tears of inexpressible joy looked at Maizen, “Yes”, she said as the tears started to stream uncontrollably. 

The pair embraced and before they knew it they were looking at a beautiful full moon together. 

Candy turned to Maizen and they locked eyes, lost in each other's gaze she leaned over to whisper in his ear, "You're my joy and sunshine, I can't wait to spend the rest of our lives together." 

She paused for a moment and giggled "You really are the cream of the crop".

Maizen and Candy got married and began giving financial advice to the less fortunate for a living, they focused on improving life for those in the Popper's community on the edge of the cornfields and with support from local businesses and artists transformed their land into a booming innovative hub. 

When it came to children, Maizen and Candy couldn't decide on the name Cornelius or Kernilius for their first child, surprisingly, they had twins. 

Maizen and Candy eventually got teaching jobs at Cornwall University where they teach Business and Economics while fundraising scholarships for first generation students and giving financial literacy workshops. 

Cornelius and Kernilius are each pursuing Bachelor Degrees in Sociology and Social Psychology. 

They’re very different people, but tend to take the same classes and talk and dress similarly. Could you tell them apart?

EndQueue